Update with Magnes Xcode 15.0 with MinOSVersion 100 (#1259)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased
* Require Xcode 15.0+ and Swift 5.9+ (per [App Store requirements](https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=khzvxn8a))
* Updated expiring pinned vendor SSL certificates
* BraintreeDataCollector

>   * Bump to PPRiskMagnes v5.5.0-static-Xcode15-MinOSVersion100 with fix for Xcode 15.3 SPM validation bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Bump to PPRiskMagnes version 5.5.0 with fix for Xcode 15.3 Swift Package Manager validation bug (fixes #1229)
```

Author: Yes I think it's just missing in the diff.  I see the Privacy Manifest file.
